adding a new entry: Server Support Video (#3309)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/videos/videos.md

| MP4              | H.264       | AAC         | Compatible with most every browser and used if support is of the utmost concern.                                                 |
| MP4              | AV1         | AAC         | Useed for streaming the absolute smallest files at a given quality. Better compression with better quality, but less compatible. |

> ## Server support Video
> Need to add configuration in web server due to enabling video show in browser. What need to add in server configuration is the video MIME type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Server Support of Video

It is necessary to add configuration in the web server to enable video to show in a browser. What is needed is to add the video MIME type to the server configuration. 
```

> If the web server is Apache and want to serve the OGG video, by adding video file type extensions to "video/ogg" MIME type. Edit the "mime.types" file in "/etc/apache" or use the "AddType" configuration directive in httpd.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the web server is Apache and it's serving OGG video, it's enabled by adding the "video/ogg" MIME type. Edit the "mime.types" file in "/etc/apache" or use the "AddType" configuration directive in httpd.conf
```

```
AddType video/ogg .ogm
AddType video/ogg .ogv
AddType video/ogg .ogg
```

> If the website need serve video as WebM, it can be done by adding extension in web server Apache "vide/webm" to the "mime.types" in "/ect/apache" or add via the "AddType" configuration directive in httpd.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the website need serve video as WebM, it can be done by adding "video/webm" to the "mime.types" in "/ect/apache" or add via the "AddType" configuration directive in httpd.conf
```

Author: @SSwiniarski already fix them, please review.. thanks
